  Categories:
    UI - UI changes
    MI - Miscellaneous changes, that for some reason do not fit in any category
    CO - "Code" changes - for the most part, this refers to backend-code, but could
         also include tasks that will require more complex code in the js
    IF - Infrastructure changes. Related to the hosting (now for the most part GAE)
  Approx time:
    ti = tiny change, minutes to maybe an hour
    mi = minor change, a few hours, to half a day
    ma = major change, which will require some time
    Additionally, there may be a "-", "+", or "?" postfix to the approx times.
    In order of time approx: ti- ti ti+ mi- mi mi+ ma- ma ma+
  Severity and other tags
    IMP = Irregardless of priority, this is crucial to functionality, or for some other reason must be done quickly
  Priorities:
    P0 - Highest priority
    P1 - Could be done at some point..
    PZ - May not even bother coming around to these
    

==- TODOs: -======

(P0, CO, ti+) - Catch and handle network errors and 500s from apis. Retry or fail?
(P0, CO, mi) - When clicking for a new search while waiting for results, stop current requests (needs research)
(P0, UI, ma-) - Better styling of equation lines, so it is more obvious what is the stamp. Both on web and pdf.
(P0, UI, ma) - Options menu on generating the PDF. Font-size, etc...? Try to squeeze on one side?
   - note: PDF readers (acrobat, chrome, whatever) can resize to print on two sides, so no need to do that.

(P1, UI, mi?) - Animations. Fade prices/stamps to top when searching, etc.
(P1, CO, ma?) - Calc service: Find a better algorithm!
(P1, CO, ma) - Calc service: Implement client side. JS, or as webassembly (or both?)
(P1, CO, ma+) - Calc service: General optimization desired. Use memcache? Rewrite (C, Rust, Go, whatev)? Try PyPy?

(PZ, CO, UI, ma?) - Browser support. Chrome/Firefox and probably Safair ok now. Do I need Edge and IE support?
(PZ, MI, mi) - Put source on hosting. Private gitea? Public? Github? Gitea?
(PZ, UI, ma-) - When selecting many stamps, have the ability to say that you only want to use so and so
                many stamps in the result set, even if you have many stamps selected?
(PZ, CO, ma)  - Limit the number of prices we can search for at once? Should autoscale... but may appear slow.
(PZ, IF, ma+) - First requests takes a while. Maybe instance has to be started.
                Find a way to have them always running, to reduce the delay on these simple/small/first calls?
                May have to go for something else than GAE. Or: Flex environment.. Needs research.
(PZ, CO, ma) - Pdf generation directly in javascript.







Previously done (from most recently done):


- Ability to save (or if autosave, restore) custom stamps/prices
   + progress: added stamps are saved automatically. Reset button in settings.
- Make it look pretty and functional on pads and phones
   + progress: Basically done, but needs lots of testing and tweaks.
- Pre-calculate lots of results, and bundle it with js code. ~0.5-1MB json file downloaded in the background?
   + progress: for the set of stamps that we have now in the code, a 'solutions.json.js' file (~400kb) is downloaded
               and searched for results before we call the API. Provides lots of faster results!
- More stamps by default
   + progress: some added. It is so fast to add more later, that I'll just mark this as complete now
- Activity icon: An activity icon will appear in the navbar when we are waiting for some api call.
- Custom page: "About". With info about me and technologies.
   + progress: Just shows one line, for now. Whatever.
- Tools popup. If any tools or menus which are discussed in other posts are required,
      I will need it. Save/change custom stamps/prices. Change/reset layout of stamps/prices?
   + progress: Created rudimentary dropdown menu. For now, can click to see about page, and click on main header to get back
- Custom stamps/color in different color?
- Ability to add more stamps and prices manually. Separate color from the rest?
   + progress: Can now add stamps and prices manually. Will be inserted in sorted order.
               The new ones will go away on refresh. Values cannot be deleted in any other way.
   + notes: The new custom values added does not have a different color.
   + notes: Different TODO item added for colors and save/restore.
- "WorkInProgress popup". When clicking on the pdf-create-button, it sometimes takes
       a while without any visual feedback. After 2-4 sec (~2.5?) pop up a small notice
       in the center of the screen about waiting for the server.
- Waiting spinners. Find a place to put "waiting spinners" on all elements
       related to loading stuff from the api. Small inline spinner on the combinations
       instead of the "waiting for results", and a small spinner on the pdfcreation button.
   + progress: "waiting for results"-text is now replaced by spinners.
   + progress: pdfmake-button now has custom loader animation thingy, and also separate state after complete.
